We feel we were a bit optimistic with our first sprint 1 due to no one knowing 
any of the technology that we are currently using. The second sprint should be 
much better as we have planned meeting days for the team to get together and 
work on the project as a team. We also have broken down our user stories better
into more manageable story points. 

What should we stop doing?
Due to everyones schedule, we were having a hard time getting everyone together
for 3x weekly scrums. We are working on setting dates and times to have our 
weekly scrums.

What should we start doing?
I think if we all met once a week to work together on our project it might help
get past parts that we are stuck on. 
Working together in a small group at the
hackathon really helped move our project forward so I feel it would be the same
for our team.
I feel that we should break down our user stories better into smaller more 
manageable stories. 
We need to add story points to each user story.
Overall I think we can manage our team a little bit better with responsibilities
and goals for each sprint
We didn’t incorporate a burnup chart.

What is working well that we should continue doing?
I feel since we got started late, we didn’t have enough time to figure out what 
is working well for our team, but we had a good idea of what we needed to do. 


What work was completed and not completed?
Completed:
    Being able to setup multiple reminders for a single event so that i won't
        forget the event.
    The ability to type my reminder message in and submit it to a database so 
        that it can be stored for later. 
    The abilitiy to specify when a reminder is 'due' so that I will be reminded 
        on time
Not Completed:
    Be able to send e-mails through code so that the user can get the event 
        reminder on time.
    Store all of my reminders in a table.
    Being able to host a mailing server so that the text and emails can be 
        sent out on time.
    
Partially Completed:
    Setup a basic website layout so the backend can be connected to.

What is our rate of completing work?
~50%


