Overall, we finished most of the proposed stories for sprint 2 even though a 
lot of scrums for sprint 1 carried over. The functionality is all complete, and
the most difficult problems for this website are almost all finished. We could
not finish everything in sprint 2 because of lack of available free time due 
to midterms. Sprint 3 will take care of most of the visuals in the front end
and primarily focus on executing Don't Forget cleanly.

What should we stop doing?
Because of our recent progress, we have become too optimistic and want to add
a lot of extra features to the website. Overall, we have no finished the base
product and need to focus on that before starting on the extras.

What should we start doing?
We should start being more organized with git by pushing and pulling our 
projects more often. We often times work independently without pushing or 
pulling the code from git, which causes a lot of differences when we meet up
for our scrum meetings. We need to also focus on one thing at a time rather 
than putting our attention to the extra features of Don't Forget.

What is working well that we should continue doing?
We usually have on large meeting to knock off most of the scrums in the sprint. 
This leads to a lot more productivity amongst the project and we should still
continue to do this.

What work was completed and not completed?
Completed:
	-Able to store reminders in a database which will later be accessable.
	-The user is able to choose what carrier their phone uses in order to 
	 to send text messages
	-Able to send emails to text messages
	-There are drop down options and fields for the user to type in their
	 information, which will be later stored and accessible
	-User able to sign up using various email providers so that their 
	 information will be stored for convenience later.


Not Completed:
	-Not able to send text messages in the future (work in progress)
	-User not able to respond to text messages sent via email

What is our rate of completing work?
~85%