Don’t Forget: Team Recall:  		?  Talal Abou Haiba ? Product Owner ? 		?  Chris Persons ? 		?  Wesly Lim ? 		?  Gabriel Velazquez ?- Scrum Master 		?  Luis Gonzalez  Sprint 3 end date: 3/6/15 ?  Goal: ?The goals for this sprint were to finish a few items from sprint 2, as well as update the ui, add quick reminders, fix parsing email,  and adding friends to a contact book to send reminders to them.  Task listing, organized by User Story: ? As a developer, I want to be able to parse text message responses from our email server to turn off reminders- Fix parsing (5 hours)- Get a disable feature to stop the reminder  As a user, I want to be able to add quick reminders so that can I can easily set up a reminder. - Set up a way to set a reminder times and dates for certain events, eg morningAs a developer, I want to be able to set up a script to send reminders out when at the preset time.  As a user, I want to be able to send a reminder I’ve made to my friends- Add a contacts book database- Allow the user to select a reminder, then select which of his contacts he wants to send toAs a developer, I want to make the page look more user friendly- Work with css to find a new layoutAs a developer, I want to have a domain name for my website- Python anywhere should workTeam roles:  		?  Talal Abou Haiba ? Product Owner ? 		?  Chris Persons ? Developer ? 		?  Wesly Lim ? Developer ? 		?  Gabriel Velazquez ? Scrum Master ? 		?  Luis Gonzalez ? Developer  ?Initial task assignment: ?  Talal Abou Haiba:  ?As a developer, I want to set up quick reminders to allow the user to do less work, help with parsing the server, as well as set up a script to send out reminders - Find a way to select the correct reminder date/time for quick reminders such as a morning alarm  - Help set up a script that checks the database for reminders and sends them when they need to be sent (6 hrs)Chris Persons: As a developer, I would like to be able to parse data from text message responses that are sent to the email server, as well as set up a script to send out reminders- Work with the email server to parse responses from users or others who want to opt out of reminders- help set up a script to check db for reminders and send at preset timeWesly Lim: As a developer, I want to be able to blacklist phone numbers if they choose to opt out  of reminders by replying to the email server .- help parsing the email server- preventing reminders from being sent to a phone number Gabriel Velazquez: ? As a developer, I want to set up a contacts/friends database so that users can send reminders to their friends, and also allow the user to edit reminders ? -  Allow a user to add contacts to a user/contact database - Allow the user to view all reminders they’ve created choose to send an alarm to a friend -Allow the user to edit and resubmit the reminder   allow the Luis Gonzalez: As a user, I want to change the UI and layout and create a more friendly interface, and set up what the user sees when he logs in . ? Use Css to redesign the main page, as well as a install a more cleaner SQL form, and also streamline the layout from the standard clunky web2py layoutInitial burnup chart: Our burnup chart progression could be kept track via Google Spreadsheet https://docs.google.com/a/ucsc.edu/spreadsheets/d/1AbGj?ayx9ST6W6pe198pCeBdTN9leUWl NKtobfOXypc/edit?usp=sharing Initial scrum board: Our scrum progression could be kept track via Trello https://trello.com/b/qiddPXNF/don?t?forget?sprint?2 Scrum times: Week 1: 2/1/16 ? Scrum meeting with a TA?2/5/16 ? Scrum meeting to check up on progress throughout the week 2/6/16 ? Scrum meeting on weekend to completely finish up some scrums Week 2: 2/8/16 ? Scrum meeting with a TA?2/12/16? Scrum meeting to check up on progress throughout the week 2/13/16 ? Scrum meeting on weekend to try to finish all of the scrums Week 3: 2/22/16 ? Scrum meeting to see what everyone has so far 2/26/ 16 – Scrum meeting to finalize merging and ‘gluing’ the project 2/29/16  – Scrum TA meeting3/07/16  – Scrum TA meeting